# packages in environment at /Users/antoniob/Applications/miniconda3/envs/ds:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_r-mutex                  1.0.1               anacondar_1    conda-forge
altair                    3.2.0                    py37_0    conda-forge
appnope                   0.1.0                 py37_1000    conda-forge
astroid                   2.3.2                    py37_0    conda-forge
attrs                     19.3.0                     py_0    conda-forge
backcall                  0.1.0                      py_0    conda-forge
bcrypt                    3.1.7            py37h9bfed18_1    conda-forge
bleach                    3.1.0                      py_0    conda-forge
boto3                     1.12.37            pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
botocore                  1.15.37            pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
bwidget                   1.9.13                        0    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                h01d97ff_1    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2020.4.5.1           hecc5488_0    conda-forge
cachetools                3.1.1                      py_0    conda-forge
cairo                     1.16.0            he1c11cd_1002    conda-forge
cctools                   921                  h5ba7a2e_4    conda-forge
certifi                   2020.4.5.1       py37hc8dfbb8_0    conda-forge
cffi                      1.14.0           py37h356ff06_0    conda-forge
cgatcore                  0.6.5                      py_0    bioconda
chardet                   3.0.4           py37hc8dfbb8_1006    conda-forge
clang                     9.0.0                h28b9765_1    conda-forge
clang_osx-64              9.0.0                h22b1bf0_3    conda-forge
clangxx                   9.0.0                         1    conda-forge
clangxx_osx-64            9.0.0                h22b1bf0_3    conda-forge
compiler-rt               9.0.0                h2b4a0d1_1    conda-forge
coreutils                 8.31                 h0b31af3_0    conda-forge
cryptography              2.8              py37he655712_2    conda-forge
curl                      7.65.3               h22ea746_0    conda-forge
cycler                    0.10.0                     py_2    conda-forge
dbus                      1.13.6               h2f22bb5_0    conda-forge
decorator                 4.4.1                      py_0    conda-forge
defusedxml                0.6.0                      py_0    conda-forge
docopt                    0.6.2                      py_1    conda-forge
docutils                  0.15.2                   py37_0    conda-forge
drmaa                     0.7.9                   py_1000    conda-forge
entrypoints               0.3                   py37_1000    conda-forge
expat                     2.2.5             h4a8c4bd_1004    conda-forge
fontconfig                2.13.1            h6b1039f_1001    conda-forge
freetype                  2.10.0               h24853df_1    conda-forge
fribidi                   1.0.5             h01d97ff_1002    conda-forge
ftputil                   3.4                        py_0    conda-forge
gettext                   0.19.8.1          h46ab8bc_1002    conda-forge
gevent                    1.4.0            py37h0b31af3_0    conda-forge
gfortran_impl_osx-64      7.3.0                hf4212f2_2    conda-forge
gfortran_osx-64           7.3.0                h22b1bf0_6    conda-forge
glib                      2.58.3            h9d45998_1002    conda-forge
gmp                       6.1.2             h0a44026_1000    conda-forge
google-api-core           1.16.0                   py37_1    conda-forge
google-auth               1.12.0             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
google-cloud-core         1.3.0                      py_0    conda-forge
google-cloud-sdk          281.0.0          py37hc8dfbb8_2    conda-forge
google-cloud-storage      1.26.0                     py_0    conda-forge
google-resumable-media    0.5.0                      py_1    conda-forge
googleapis-common-protos  1.51.0                   py37_1    conda-forge
graphite2                 1.3.13            h2098e52_1000    conda-forge
greenlet                  0.4.15           py37h9bfed18_1    conda-forge
gsl                       2.5                  ha2d443c_1    conda-forge
harfbuzz                  2.4.0                hd8d2a14_3    conda-forge
icu                       64.2                 h6de7cb9_1    conda-forge
idna                      2.9                        py_1    conda-forge
importlib_metadata        0.23                     py37_0    conda-forge
ipykernel                 5.1.3            py37h5ca1d4c_0    conda-forge
ipython                   7.9.0            py37h5ca1d4c_0    conda-forge
ipython_genutils          0.2.0                      py_1    conda-forge
ipywidgets                7.5.1                      py_0    conda-forge
isl                       0.19                          0    conda-forge
isort                     4.3.21                   py37_0    conda-forge
jedi                      0.15.1                   py37_0    conda-forge
jinja2                    2.10.3                     py_0    conda-forge
jmespath                  0.9.5                      py_0    conda-forge
joblib                    0.14.0                     py_0    conda-forge
jpeg                      9c                h1de35cc_1001    conda-forge
jsonschema                3.1.1                    py37_0    conda-forge
jupyter                   1.0.0                      py_2    conda-forge
jupyter_client            5.3.3                    py37_1    conda-forge
jupyter_console           6.0.0                      py_0    conda-forge
jupyter_core              4.5.0                      py_0    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.1.0            py37h770b8ee_0    conda-forge
krb5                      1.16.3            hcfa6398_1001    conda-forge
lazy-object-proxy         1.4.3            py37h0b31af3_0    conda-forge
ld64                      409.12               h3c32e8a_4    conda-forge
libblas                   3.8.0               14_openblas    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.8.0               14_openblas    conda-forge
libclang                  8.0.1                h770b8ee_1    conda-forge
libcurl                   7.65.3               h16faf7d_0    conda-forge
libcxx                    9.0.0                h89e68fa_1    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20170329      hcfe32e1_1001    conda-forge
libffi                    3.2.1             h6de7cb9_1006    conda-forge
libgfortran               4.0.0                         2    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.15              h01d97ff_1005    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.8.0               14_openblas    conda-forge
libllvm8                  8.0.1                h770b8ee_0    conda-forge
libllvm9                  9.0.0                h770b8ee_2    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.7                h4bb4525_2    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.37               h2573ce8_0    conda-forge
libprotobuf               3.8.0                hfbae3c0_0    conda-forge
libsodium                 1.0.17               h01d97ff_0    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.8.2                hcdc9a53_2    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.0.10            h3527a1b_1004    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.9.9                h12c6b28_5    conda-forge
llvm-openmp               9.0.0                h40edb58_0    conda-forge
lz4-c                     1.8.3             h6de7cb9_1001    conda-forge
make                      4.2.1             h1de35cc_2004    conda-forge
markupsafe                1.1.1            py37h1de35cc_0    conda-forge
matplotlib                3.1.1                    py37_1    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           3.1.1            py37h3a684a6_1    conda-forge
mccabe                    0.6.1                      py_1    conda-forge
mistune                   0.8.4           py37h1de35cc_1000    conda-forge
more-itertools            7.2.0                      py_0    conda-forge
mpc                       1.1.0             h3aece09_1006    conda-forge
mpfr                      4.0.2                h44b798e_0    conda-forge
nbconvert                 5.6.1                    py37_0    conda-forge
nbformat                  4.4.0                      py_1    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.1               h0a44026_1002    conda-forge
nomkl                     1.0                  h5ca1d4c_0    conda-forge
notebook                  6.0.1                    py37_0    conda-forge
nspr                      4.20              h0a44026_1000    conda-forge
nss                       3.47                 hcec2283_0    conda-forge
numpy                     1.17.3           py37hde6bac1_0    conda-forge
openssl                   1.1.1f               h0b31af3_0    conda-forge
pandas                    0.25.2           py37h4f17bb1_0    conda-forge
pandoc                    2.7.3                         0    conda-forge
pandocfilters             1.4.2                      py_1    conda-forge
pango                     1.42.4               h6691c8e_1    conda-forge
paramiko                  2.7.1                    py37_0    conda-forge
parso                     0.5.1                      py_0    conda-forge
patsy                     0.5.1                      py_0    conda-forge
pcre                      8.43                 h4a8c4bd_0    conda-forge
pexpect                   4.7.0                    py37_0    conda-forge
pickleshare               0.7.5                 py37_1000    conda-forge
pip                       19.3.1                   py37_0    conda-forge
pixman                    0.38.0            h01d97ff_1003    conda-forge
project-quickstart        0.3.7                    pypi_0    pypi
prometheus_client         0.7.1                      py_0    conda-forge
prompt_toolkit            2.0.10                     py_0    conda-forge
protobuf                  3.8.0            py37h4a8c4bd_2    conda-forge
ptyprocess                0.6.0                   py_1001    conda-forge
pyasn1                    0.4.8                      py_0    conda-forge
pyasn1-modules            0.2.7                      py_0    conda-forge
pycparser                 2.20                       py_0    conda-forge
pygments                  2.4.2                      py_0    conda-forge
pylint                    2.4.3                    py37_0    conda-forge
pynacl                    1.3.0           py37h0b31af3_1001    conda-forge
pyopenssl                 19.1.0                     py_1    conda-forge
pyparsing                 2.4.2                      py_0    conda-forge
pyqt                      5.12.3           py37h2a560b1_0    conda-forge
pyqt5-sip                 4.19.18                  pypi_0    pypi
pyqtwebengine             5.12.1                   pypi_0    pypi
pyrsistent                0.15.5           py37h0b31af3_0    conda-forge
pysftp                    0.2.9                      py_1    conda-forge
pysocks                   1.7.1            py37hc8dfbb8_1    conda-forge
python                    3.7.3                h93065d6_1    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.8.0                      py_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.7                     1_cp37m    conda-forge
pytz                      2019.3                     py_0    conda-forge
pyyaml                    5.3.1            py37h9bfed18_0    conda-forge
pyzmq                     18.1.0           py37hee98d25_0    conda-forge
qt                        5.12.5               h1b46049_0    conda-forge
qtconsole                 4.5.5                      py_0    conda-forge
r                         3.6                    r36_1003    conda-forge
r-askpass                 1.1               r36h159158b_1    conda-forge
r-assertthat              0.2.1             r36h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-backports               1.1.5             r36h17f1fa6_0    conda-forge
r-base                    3.6.1                h8cbdff8_5    conda-forge
r-base64enc               0.1_3           r36h159158b_1003    conda-forge
r-bit                     1.1_14            r36h159158b_1    conda-forge
r-bit64                   0.9_7           r36h159158b_1001    conda-forge
r-boot                    1.3_23            r36h6115d3f_2    conda-forge
r-brew                    1.0_6           r36h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-broom                   0.5.2             r36h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-callr                   3.3.2             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-cellranger              1.1.0           r36h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-class                   7.3_15          r36h159158b_1001    conda-forge
r-cli                     1.1.0             r36h6115d3f_2    conda-forge
r-clipr                   0.7.0             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-clisymbols              1.2.0           r36h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-cluster                 2.1.0             r36h85e41a7_2    conda-forge
r-codetools               0.2_16          r36h6115d3f_1001    conda-forge
r-colorspace              1.4_1             r36h159158b_1    conda-forge
r-commonmark              1.7             r36h159158b_1001    conda-forge
r-covr                    3.3.2             r36hc5da6b9_0    conda-forge
r-crayon                  1.3.4           r36h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-crosstalk               1.0.0           r36h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-curl                    4.2               r36h159158b_0    conda-forge
r-data.table              1.12.6            r36h17f1fa6_0    conda-forge
r-dbi                     1.0.0           r36h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-dbplyr                  1.4.2             r36h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-desc                    1.2.0           r36h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-devtools                2.2.1             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-digest                  0.6.22            r36hc5da6b9_0    conda-forge
r-docopt                  0.6.1             r36h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-dplyr                   0.8.3             r36hf99fc2c_3    conda-forge
r-dt                      0.9               r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-ellipsis                0.3.0             r36h159158b_0    conda-forge
r-evaluate                0.14              r36h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-fansi                   0.4.0           r36h159158b_1001    conda-forge
r-fastmap                 1.0.1             r36hc5da6b9_0    conda-forge
r-forcats                 0.4.0             r36h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-foreign                 0.8_72            r36h159158b_0    conda-forge
r-fs                      1.3.1             r36hf99fc2c_1    conda-forge
r-generics                0.0.2           r36h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-ggplot2                 3.2.1             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-gh                      1.0.1           r36h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-git2r                   0.26.1            r36h45ee23c_1    conda-forge
r-glue                    1.3.1             r36h159158b_1    conda-forge
r-gtable                  0.3.0             r36h6115d3f_2    conda-forge
r-haven                   2.1.1             r36h16b383e_3    conda-forge
r-highr                   0.8               r36h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-hms                     0.5.1             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-htmltools               0.4.0             r36hc5da6b9_0    conda-forge
r-htmlwidgets             1.5.1             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-httpuv                  1.5.2             r36hf99fc2c_1    conda-forge
r-httr                    1.4.1             r36h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-ini                     0.3.1           r36h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-jsonlite                1.6             r36h159158b_1001    conda-forge
r-kernsmooth              2.23_15         r36h85e41a7_1004    conda-forge
r-knitr                   1.25              r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-labeling                0.3             r36h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-later                   1.0.0             r36hc5da6b9_0    conda-forge
r-lattice                 0.20_38         r36h159158b_1002    conda-forge
r-lazyeval                0.2.2             r36h159158b_1    conda-forge
r-lifecycle               0.1.0             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-lubridate               1.7.4           r36hf99fc2c_1002    conda-forge
r-magrittr                1.5             r36h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-markdown                1.1               r36h159158b_0    conda-forge
r-mass                    7.3_51.4          r36h159158b_1    conda-forge
r-matrix                  1.2_17            r36h159158b_1    conda-forge
r-memoise                 1.1.0           r36h6115d3f_1003    conda-forge
r-mgcv                    1.8_29            r36h159158b_0    conda-forge
r-mime                    0.7               r36h159158b_1    conda-forge
r-modelr                  0.1.5             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-munsell                 0.5.0           r36h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-nlme                    3.1_141           r36h85e41a7_1    conda-forge
r-nnet                    7.3_12          r36h159158b_1003    conda-forge
r-openssl                 1.4.1             r36hdb18a49_0    conda-forge
r-pillar                  1.4.2             r36h6115d3f_2    conda-forge
r-pkgbuild                1.0.6             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-pkgconfig               2.0.3             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-pkgload                 1.0.2           r36hf99fc2c_1001    conda-forge
r-plogr                   0.2.0           r36h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-plyr                    1.8.4           r36hf99fc2c_1003    conda-forge
r-praise                  1.0.0           r36h6115d3f_1003    conda-forge
r-prettyunits             1.0.2           r36h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-processx                3.4.1             r36h159158b_0    conda-forge
r-progress                1.2.2             r36h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-promises                1.1.0             r36hc5da6b9_0    conda-forge
r-ps                      1.3.0           r36h159158b_1001    conda-forge
r-purrr                   0.3.3             r36h17f1fa6_0    conda-forge
r-r6                      2.4.0             r36h6115d3f_2    conda-forge
r-rcmdcheck               1.3.3             r36h6115d3f_2    conda-forge
r-rcolorbrewer            1.1_2           r36h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-rcpp                    1.0.2             r36hf99fc2c_0    conda-forge
r-readr                   1.3.1           r36hf99fc2c_1002    conda-forge
r-readxl                  1.3.1             r36hf99fc2c_2    conda-forge
r-recommended             3.6                    r36_1003    conda-forge
r-rematch                 1.0.1           r36h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-remotes                 2.1.0             r36h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-reprex                  0.3.0             r36h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-reshape2                1.4.3           r36hf99fc2c_1004    conda-forge
r-rex                     1.1.2           r36h6115d3f_1001    conda-forge
r-rlang                   0.4.1             r36h17f1fa6_0    conda-forge
r-rmarkdown               1.16              r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-roxygen2                6.1.1           r36hf99fc2c_1001    conda-forge
r-rpart                   4.1_15            r36h159158b_1    conda-forge
r-rprojroot               1.3_2           r36h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-rstudioapi              0.10              r36h6115d3f_2    conda-forge
r-rversions               2.0.0             r36h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-rvest                   0.3.4             r36h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-scales                  1.0.0           r36hf99fc2c_1002    conda-forge
r-selectr                 0.4_1           r36h6115d3f_1001    conda-forge
r-sessioninfo             1.1.1           r36h6115d3f_1001    conda-forge
r-shiny                   1.4.0             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-sourcetools             0.1.7           r36h6de7cb9_1001    conda-forge
r-spatial                 7.3_11          r36h159158b_1003    conda-forge
r-stringi                 1.4.3             r36h570836f_3    conda-forge
r-stringr                 1.4.0             r36h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-survival                2.44_1.1          r36h159158b_1    conda-forge
r-sys                     3.3               r36h159158b_0    conda-forge
r-testthat                2.2.1             r36hf99fc2c_0    conda-forge
r-tibble                  2.1.3             r36h159158b_1    conda-forge
r-tidyr                   1.0.0             r36hf99fc2c_0    conda-forge
r-tidyselect              0.2.5           r36hf99fc2c_1001    conda-forge
r-tidyverse               1.2.1           r36h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-tinytex                 0.16              r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-usethis                 1.5.1             r36h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-utf8                    1.1.4           r36h159158b_1001    conda-forge
r-vctrs                   0.2.0             r36h159158b_1    conda-forge
r-viridislite             0.3.0           r36h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-whisker                 0.4               r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-withr                   2.1.2           r36h6115d3f_1001    conda-forge
r-xfun                    0.10              r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-xml2                    1.2.2             r36hf99fc2c_0    conda-forge
r-xopen                   1.0.0           r36h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-xtable                  1.8_4             r36h6115d3f_2    conda-forge
r-yaml                    2.2.0           r36h159158b_1002    conda-forge
r-zeallot                 0.1.0           r36h6115d3f_1001    conda-forge
readline                  8.0                  hcfe32e1_0    conda-forge
requests                  2.23.0             pyh8c360ce_2    conda-forge
rsa                       4.0                        py_0    conda-forge
ruffus                    2.8.3                      py_0    bioconda
s3transfer                0.3.3            py37hc8dfbb8_1    conda-forge
scikit-learn              0.21.3           py37hd4ffd6c_0    conda-forge
scipy                     1.3.1            py37h7e0e109_2    conda-forge
seaborn                   0.9.0                      py_1    conda-forge
send2trash                1.5.0                      py_0    conda-forge
setuptools                41.4.0                   py37_0    conda-forge
six                       1.12.0                py37_1000    conda-forge
sqlalchemy                1.3.15           py37h9bfed18_1    conda-forge
sqlite                    3.30.1               h93121df_0    conda-forge
statsmodels               0.10.1           py37heacc8b8_0    conda-forge
tapi                      1000.10.8            h770b8ee_3    conda-forge
terminado                 0.8.2                    py37_0    conda-forge
testpath                  0.4.2                   py_1001    conda-forge
time                      1.8                  h01d97ff_0    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.9             h2573ce8_1003    conda-forge
tktable                   2.10                 h008db23_3    conda-forge
toolz                     0.10.0                     py_0    conda-forge
tornado                   6.0.3            py37h01d97ff_0    conda-forge
traitlets                 4.3.3                    py37_0    conda-forge
urllib3                   1.25.7           py37hc8dfbb8_1    conda-forge
wcwidth                   0.1.7                      py_1    conda-forge
webencodings              0.5.1                      py_1    conda-forge
wheel                     0.33.6                   py37_0    conda-forge
widgetsnbextension        3.5.1                    py37_0    conda-forge
wrapt                     1.11.2           py37h01d97ff_0    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.4             h1de35cc_1001    conda-forge
yaml                      0.2.2                h0b31af3_1    conda-forge
zeromq                    4.3.2                h6de7cb9_2    conda-forge
zipp                      0.6.0                      py_0    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.11            h0b31af3_1006    conda-forge
zstd                      1.4.3                he7fca8b_0    conda-forge
